#Java Objects and Methods

1. How to create an Object in java ?
  a. Using the new keyword we can create an object in java .
  Eg: Employee emp = new Employee();
2. What is the use of a new keyword in java ?
  a. new keyword is used to create an Object in the heap area.
3. What are the different types of variables ?
   a. There are 2 Division for the types of Variables
      Division-1
        Based on the type of value represented by a variable, all variables are 
        classified into 2 types….
        I. Primitive variables
        II. Reference Variables
        Primitive variables : It can be used to represent primitive values.
        eg:: int x= 10
        Reference variables : It can be used to refer objects.
        eg:: Employee emp = new Employee();
      Division-2
        Based on behaviour and position of declaration of variables we have 3 types
        I. Instance variables
        II. Local variables
        III. Static variables
4. What is the difference between Instance variable and Local variable ?
  a. The main difference between instance variables and local variables in Java is their scope and lifetime. Instance variables are declared within a class but 
  outside of any methodand they have a longer lifetime, as they are tied to the instance of the class. Local variables are declared within a method and they have
  a shorter lifetime, as they are created when the block is entered and destroyed when the block is exited.
5. In which area memory is allocated for Instance variable and Local variable ?
  a. Memory is allocated for instance variables in the heap memory. 
  On the other hand, memory for local variables is allocated on the stack memory. 
6. What is method overloading ?
  a. It is a future that allows a class to have multiple methods with same but different parameters.It helps us to work with multiple methods but different types of parameters.
  Eg:
    public class Calc{
     public int add(int a, int b) {
     return a + b;
     }
     public double add(double a, double b) {
     return a + b;
     }
     public int add(int a, int b, int c) {
     return a + b + c;
     }
    }
